[VA-970] Simplify voicemail tool documentation (#249)
cartesia-ai/line: examples/basic_chat/AGENTS.md

Reviewer: Replicate the voicemail tool addition on all examples

| Tool | Type | Purpose |
|------|------|---------|

> | `end_call` | passthrough | End call gracefully |

Reviewer: Add details on whether the description of this tool can be modified

```suggestion
| `end_call` | passthrough | End call gracefully if the conversation has wrapped up. |
```

| `send_dtmf` | passthrough | Send DTMF tone (0-9, *, #) |
| `transfer_call` | passthrough | Transfer to E.164 number |

> | `voicemail` | passthrough | End the call on a voicemail greeting, optionally leaving a message first (`voicemail(message="…")`) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `voicemail` | passthrough | Detect a voicemail greeting and end the call. Optionally leaving a message first (`voicemail(message="…")`) |
```
